docs: docs quickstart user guide (#25)
Agile-Arch-Angels/decentralized-tech-radar_dev: docs/user_docs/quickstart.md

# Welcome to Tech_Radar quickstart guide

> In this guide you will find the essential commands for the program. The program is split into 3 primary commands: Fetcher, Merger, and generator

Reviewer: Consistency. <3
```suggestion
In this guide you will find the essential commands for the program. The program is split into 3 primary commands: Fetcher, Merger, and Generator.
```

> Legend for this guide:  
> When running commands you will see <...> anything inside these are required arguments whilst anything inside [...] means optional extra arguments

Reviewer: Formatting? 🥺 
```suggestion
## Legend for this guide
When running commands, you will see...
**<...>** : Arrows indicate required arguments.
**[...]** : Square-brackets indicate optional arguments.
```
